‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Hi, darling! Your breakfast is
‎on the table, your lunch is in a bag
‎and dinner is in the fridge.
‎I'll be home late tonight,
‎but I'll do my best to be there
‎this weekend, pinky promise!
‎And just call me if you need anything.
‎Love you to bits, my angel! Mwah!
‎Uh... Something wrong, Lila?
‎No. I'm doing great!
‎It's just that Mum wants me to go with her
‎to this embassy function tonight, but
‎I've too much homework, and I'm so behind.
‎I'll just have to tell her "No".
‎She'll be so upset.
‎-Ah, yeah, bummer!
‎-Adrien said he'd help me,
‎but I don't want to bother him with it.
‎He's probably forgotten anyway.
‎He might think I've a crush on him,
‎like all those other girls
‎-who are constantly hanging all over him.
‎-Adrien's a great dude.
‎I'm sure he won't mind!
‎I can put in a word for you, if you want!
‎You'd do that for me?
‎Oh, thanks, Nino, you're the best!
‎No sweat!
‎-Hey, Adrien!
‎-Hi, Nino! What's up?
‎Hey! Nino told me about your problem.
‎I can help, if you want.
‎Really? You'd do that?
‎You're such a great help.
‎You're saving my life, you know!
‎No problem, Lila. Happy to help.
‎-Marinette...
‎- I was so not spying on Lila,
‎-I was just... tying my shoes!
‎-You've got nothing to worry about.
‎Nino told me Lila said she doesn't
‎have the hots for Adrien!
‎Why don't we go to your place
‎to do our homework?
‎It would be so much quieter, wouldn't it?
‎-My father would never agree to that.
‎-I bet you I could change his mind!
‎Marinette! Wait!
‎Pff! There's no way Adrien's bodyguard
‎will let her in the car.
‎-Seriously?
‎-Don't tell me you're gonna follow them.
‎Course not! I'm just gonna go...
‎to the swimming pool!
‎Hey, Juleka!
‎Can I borrow your bike? It's an emergency!
‎I guess.
‎Marinette, you should just trust Adrien.
‎He knows Lila's a liar!
‎I know, but if she keeps on lying like
‎she does, she'll end up hurting someone!
‎I refuse to let her hurt Adrien!
‎-What's the worst grade you ever got?
‎-An A- in math.
‎Listen, Lila,
‎you should forget about this.
‎My father can be harsh with anyone
‎he thinks is an intruder.
‎We're not doing anything wrong.
‎Leave this to me.
‎Aaah!
‎I'm sorry Adrien,
‎but you know your father--
‎Excuse me, ma'am, but is there
‎any way I could ask him directly?
‎-Just in case?
‎-Mr Agreste is busy designing
‎-and must not be disturbed for any reason.
‎-I told you so.
‎Oh, Adrien! I so wanted to help you
‎make up all the schoolwork you missed
‎due to all the modelling
‎you've been doing.
‎What will your father think
‎if he finds out about your lower grades?
‎-Who will he blame?
‎-Adrien, have your grades gone down?
‎He'd never tell you himself.
‎But when I saw Adrien crying the other day
‎because he only got an A-, I just felt
‎like I had to offer him my help.
‎It would have taken half an hour.
‎I understand.
‎You're only doing what you think is best.
‎-I did what I could, Adrien. Good luck.
‎-Huh?
‎-If it's only half an hour...
‎-If you really insist, I'll do it.
‎Seriously? How does she do that?
‎-See? You never know until you ask nicely!
‎-You didn't asked nicely. You lied, Lila.
‎You told me yourself that your A- in math
‎was your lowest grade, didn't you?
‎Hey, Miss! You can't climb on that!
‎It's too dangerous.
‎Could I borrow your ladder? The guy I love
‎is about to get scammed by a liar!
‎No. Firefighter's ladder is for‎ real
‎emergencies, not for spying on boys!
‎Especially without a helmet!
‎Aw! Is this your mom?
‎You look so much like her!
‎I look a lot like my mom too, you know.
‎Isn't it crazy how much we have in common?
‎And the lying girl's really that scheming?
‎You really care about this boy, huh?
‎This girl in red is pretty! Who is she?
‎-That's Kagami. We take fencing together.
‎-She looks so nice!
‎You'll have to introduce us.
‎Did you know I lived in Japan
‎for a few years?
‎Lila, didn't you want me to help
‎with your homework?
‎There. Perfectly safe to climb!
‎-There!
‎-Thank you!
‎Please don't tell me
‎you're still a fan of that... that...
‎Time's up, Adrien. Your father could
‎come out of his office any minute.
‎I guess I won the bet!
‎How about a little souvenir photo?
‎Feel free to ask
‎if you need any more help with your math!
‎Aaah!
‎We agreed on no cell phone
‎during practice, Kagami.
‎-You can check when you're done.
‎-I'm sorry, Mother.
‎Mr Gabriel Agreste! I am such an admirer
‎of your fashion designs!
‎This is the best day of my life!
‎I know how busy you are,
‎so I won't take up any more of your time.
‎Have a good evening!
‎-It's my fault, sir, I--
‎-In my office! Now!
‎I could take a photo right now and post it
‎online, but that would be too easy!
‎-Tikki, spots--
‎-Don't even think about it!
‎Why are you so nice to that girl?
‎She lies with every breath
‎and snoops through your drawers!
‎You snoop through my drawers too, Plagg.
‎Yeah, but we both know
‎I'm only looking for cheese.
‎But she... well, we have no idea
‎what she's looking for!
‎Perhaps she's looking to be less lonely.
‎One, two, three, four, five.
‎What was that girl doing in my house?
‎I decided it would be good for her
‎to help Adrien review his maths.
‎I decide what's good for my son.
‎It's not the first time
‎you've been fooled.
‎-Do you want to take Adrien out of school?
‎-No.
‎But I won't allow Adrien to be
‎influenced by the company he keeps!
‎On second thought, I think this photo
‎will help me get that young girl
‎away from my son once and for all.
‎Such a tornado of negative emotions
‎surrounding such a meaningless photo.
‎But the strongest anger isn't always
‎necessarily the noisiest one.
‎Fly, my evil akuma, and unleash her anger!
‎Oni-Chan, I am Hawk Moth.
‎I'm giving you the power
‎to track down Lila Rossi
‎and make sure she never gets close
‎to your loved one ever again.
‎Adrien Agreste
‎is way too innocent to be wary of her.
‎Of course, she'll persuade
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir to stop you
‎from accomplishing your duty.
‎You must therefore
‎bring me their Miraculous,
‎-to punish them for their naiveté.
‎-Yes, Hawk Moth!
‎Adrien, I am Oni-Chan. You and I
‎were made for each other, Adrien.
‎-Kagami?
‎-I will protect you
‎from anyone who tries to harm you.
‎I'll protect you from Lila.
‎She's not dangerous! She craves attention!
‎She doesn't deserve your attention.
‎What she deserves is punishment!
‎Kagami, no!
‎-Can I transform now?
‎-Yes, Marinette!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Wow!
‎With all these girlfriends chasing you,
‎it was only a matter of time
‎before they ended up fighting each other!
‎I don't have any girlfriend.
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎Lila...
‎Lila Rossi.
‎I forbid you to go anywhere near Adrien!
‎-Give up on him and I will spare you.
‎-Adrien? I don't know anyone named Adrien!
‎-Don't lie to me!
‎-I'm sorry, but I always get what I want!
‎-It's not my fault!
‎-Well, this time,
‎you'll have to give in,
‎or you'll really get it,
‎whether you want it or not!
‎Shouldn't you ask the lucky guy
‎what he thinks?
‎Hey! I'm just trying to help!
‎Come on! This way!
‎I don't need you, Ladybug! I was
‎perfectly capable of defending myself!
‎Besides, that ugly, horned girl
‎doesn't stand a chance with Adrien!
‎Aaah!
‎Are you really sure
‎I don't stand a chance?
‎Back off!
‎There's no use running.
‎Wherever you go, I'll find you!
‎Not before we've captured your akuma,
‎anyway!
‎-Huh?
‎-Please! Stop!
‎Oh, officer!
‎I'm being followed by a supervillain
‎and Ladybug's failing miserably!
‎You alone can help me!
‎-Please protect me!
‎-Get in.
‎I can protect you down at the precinct.
‎The akuma must be in her bokken, Cat Noir.
‎Not much I can do about
‎your forehead problem, though.
‎What forehead problem?
‎Aaah! What is this disgusting thing?
‎What kind of a message is this?
‎Aaah!
‎-What just happened?
‎-Where's my car?
‎What happened to the young lady
‎with the horn on her head?
‎-The one being chased by the supervillain?
‎-Lila?
‎Since when does she have a horn?
‎Go ahead and run, as fast
‎and as far away as you can, Lila Rossi!
‎There!
‎-I feel like she's taunting us!
‎-She won't be laughing for long!
‎Help! There's a monster chasing me!
‎You have something on your forehead!
‎Oh! What a strange message.
‎We've got her!
‎Not again?
‎So, you still think
‎you can get away from me?
‎Honey? Huh?
‎Mo... Uh, Mrs Dupain-Cheng!
‎I was in the bakery
‎when this teenager with a horn came in!
‎-Lila!
‎-Oni-Chan must be there already.
‎Stay here!
‎All you need to do is give up on Adrien,
‎and all this will stop!
‎Ahem! Nobody attacks customers
‎of the bakery! And where is my wife?
‎-Wait!
‎-Huh?
‎-Lila, are you OK?
‎-You're rushing to my rescue,
‎after all those nasty things
‎I said to you?
‎I really misjudged you, Ladybug!
‎You're the only one who can help me!
‎I knew she'd wind up
‎liking you in the end!
‎What kind of message is this?
‎Hey! Not cool! The girls
‎were just starting to get along!
‎Ladybug!
‎My wife answered the phone
‎and then, pouff, she disappeared,
‎then that villain showed up,
‎and now you're here, and--
‎Don't worry. Your wife
‎is in a police car, safe and sound.
‎The supervillain sends evil messages,
‎then swaps places with the person
‎who looks at them, and Lila's horn
‎acts as a kind of cell tower!
‎That's how the villain tracks her down!
‎I know how to defeat her now,
‎thanks to you!
‎Oh?
‎Give Adrien up!
‎And let you get
‎your monster paws on him? No way!
‎Adrien, Adrien, Adrien.
‎All the girls are fighting over him.
‎No one's fighting over me! Yet I'm so much
‎more sophisti-"cat"-ed, funnier,
‎-and better dressed than him!
‎-How dare you compare yourself to Adrien,
‎you cursed cat!
‎Adrien is perfection personified.
‎He's the only one who's worthy of me,
‎and the only one I will ever love.
‎What? Aaah!
‎What are you smiling at?
‎Do you get it now?
‎I'll hunt you down wherever you go.
‎Just give up on Adrien
‎and I'll stop tracking your every move.
‎All right, I'll give up... on Adrien!
‎You're an awesome actress,
‎but you're lying.
‎Your horn betrays you, see?
‎It will only disappear
‎once you've sincerely given up on Adrien.
‎But how could I possibly give Adrien up?
‎I love him so much!
‎It's too hard for me, honestly.
‎You can't ask me to do that!
‎The only thing that'd persuade me
‎to give him up
‎would be if you got rid of Ladybug for me.
‎Hmm.
‎This Lila girl is... astounding!
‎Lila! You all right?
‎If that's the only thing that will
‎make you give him up, I'll do it.
‎Cat Noir! If anyone receives a text
‎message, you can't let them open it.
‎That's how Oni-Chan teleports herself!
‎Oh! Cat Noir! It hurts so much!
‎I think I might have broken something.
‎Milady, I have an emergency.
‎I won't be long!
‎-Are you sure she's not pulling your leg?
‎-She wouldn't do that.
‎She really looks like she's in pain.
‎Then I'm going to need
‎a helping hand here. Lucky charm!
‎Could you take this girl
‎to the nearest hospital, please?
‎You've been hosed, Ladybug.
‎Adrien will be mine now, forever!
‎-No!
‎-Yes! Take her Miraculous!
‎Back off!
‎Well, this is what happens
‎when you don't wear kneepads.
‎-No! Don't look!
‎-What if it's an emergency?
‎-Her leg's an emergency!
‎-Hmm.
‎You're sure it's not her forehead?
‎Her leg looks fine!
‎You wanted me to leave Ladybug with
‎the villain? You hate Ladybug that much?
‎Me? Of course not. Why would you say that?
‎Is it because she's been left alone
‎to fight Oni-Chan all by herself?
‎What you just did is really terrible!
‎You should be ashamed of yourself!
‎-Answer your phone, Mr Hessenpy!
‎-No! Don't do that!
‎-Yes! It's an emergency!
‎-Uh-oh!
‎Ladybug!
‎Surprise, Oni-Chan!
‎What am I doing here? And how
‎did you get all tied up like that?
‎These hoses are so strong, it once took us
‎two full hours to get a kid untangled!
‎Really?
‎Wait! I've got a plan!
‎Yes, Milady? It's the girl of my dreams!
‎Sure.
‎I'll bring her over to you right now!
‎Hey! Go easy! My leg!
‎-Need a helping paw, Milady?
‎-No, just a little phone call.
‎No!
‎Cat Noir!
‎Cataclysm!
‎No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Kagami.
‎-Pound it!
‎-I'll take her home.
‎Keep an eye on Lila,
‎she's as sly as a fox!
‎Your leg looks better.
‎Oh, being around you superheroes
‎has toughened me up!
‎You'll be OK to go home by yourself, then.
‎You don't need me!
‎I think I was mistaken.
‎I shouldn't chase that girl away.
‎She could make a very good ally.
‎Hey, Adrien! Could you help me
‎with my homework after the school?
‎You don't have Adrien under surveillance?
‎I trust him, Alya. Adrien could never love
‎a girl like Lila. Not in a million years.
‎I'm sorry. I've got fencing.
‎Besides, you're light years ahead
‎when it comes to calculus.
‎Actually, I have memory loss
‎after all this travelling I've done.
‎I must learn everything
‎again from scratch!
‎Nathalie and my bodyguard
‎got reprimanded last time because of you.
‎I'm sorry, Adrien.
‎Please! I didn't mean to.
‎Lila, you can always count on me,
‎but not if you hurt the people I love.
‎Hello?
‎Congratulations.
‎You're at your best again.
‎I'm only trying to be worthy of you.
‎Thank you for inviting me here,
‎Mr Agreste!
‎You got into my house
‎without my authorisation,
‎-by lying and manipulating my son.
‎-I only meant well. Adrien needed to talk.
‎You do such a good job
‎of shielding him from bad influences
‎-that he actually feels very alone!
‎-Mmm-hmm.
‎You're opening my eyes to a problem
‎I didn't even know existed.
‎-What would you do in my position?
‎-I think he needs a friend his age.
‎Someone who understands him, who can
‎protect him from negative influences.
‎-Someone you can trust, too.
‎-You and I think the same way.
‎See you again very soon, Lila.
‎See you soon, Mr Agreste.